C:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.exe
C:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.deps.json
C:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.dll
C:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ref\Selenium with C# Learning.dll
C:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.pdb
C:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\obj\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\obj\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\obj\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\obj\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\obj\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\obj\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.dll
C:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\obj\Debug\net5.0\ref\Selenium with C# Learning.dll
C:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\obj\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.pdb
C:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\obj\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\testhost.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\testhost.exe
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.MSTest.TestAdapter.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.MSTestAdapter.PlatformServices.Interface.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.MSTestAdapter.PlatformServices.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.AdapterUtilities.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\MSTestExtensions.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\Vinayak\Automation\Selenium with C# Learning\obj\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\testhost.exe
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\testhost.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.MSTest.TestAdapter.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.MSTestAdapter.PlatformServices.Interface.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.MSTestAdapter.PlatformServices.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.AdapterUtilities.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.exe
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.deps.json
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ref\Selenium with C# Learning.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.pdb
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\MSTestExtensions.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\obj\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\obj\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\obj\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\obj\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\obj\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\obj\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\obj\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\obj\Debug\net5.0\ref\Selenium with C# Learning.dll
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\obj\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.pdb
c:\Users\PC43\Documents\GitHub\Selenium-C-Learning\obj\Debug\net5.0\Selenium with C# Learning.genruntimeconfig.cache
